c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe.config
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.pdb
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.g.resources
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe
c:\users\vkmi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.pdb
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe.manifest
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.application
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe.manifest
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TwitchGUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.application
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Twitch GUI\bin\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe.config
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Twitch GUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.exe
C:\Users\vkmi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Twitch GUI\obj\Debug\TwitchGUI.pdb
